ans1

1) id - The id field will presents a sequential number of the SELECT query . If The query contains no subqueries nor 
unions, then the id will be 1

2) select_type - It is the type of SELECT query

Various values it can take

SIMPLE - Simple SELECT (not using UNION or subqueries)
PRIMARY - Outermost SELECT
UNION	- Second or later SELECT statement in a UNION
DEPENDENT UNION - Second or later SELECT statement in a UNION, dependent on outer query
UNION RESULT - Result of a UNION.
SUBQUERY -	First SELECT in subquery
DEPENDENT SUBQUERY - First SELECT in subquery, dependent on outer query
DERIVED - Derived table
DEPENDENT DERIVED	- Derived table dependent on another table
MATERIALIZED - Materialized subquery
UNCACHEABLE SUBQUERY - A subquery for which the result cannot be cached and must be re-evaluated for each row of the outer query
UNCACHEABLE UNION	- The second or later select in a UNION that belongs to an uncacheable subquery 

3) table - the table name, or alias

4) type - defines how the tables are accessed / joined

Various values it can take
      
      1) ALL - A full table scan is done for the table (all rows are read). This is bad if the table is large and the table is 
               joined against a previous table, This happens when the optimizer could not find any usable index to access rows.

      2) const - There is only one possibly matching row in the table. 

      3) eq_ref -	A unique index is used to find the rows. 

      4) fulltext - A fulltext index is used to access the rows.

      5) index_merge - A 'range' access is done for for several index and the found rows are merged. 

      6) index_subquery	- This is similar as ref, but used for sub queries that are transformed to key lookups.
      
      7) index - A full scan over the used index. 
      
      8) range -The table will be accessed with a key over one or more value ranges.
      
      9) ref_or_null - Like 'ref' but in addition another search for the 'null' value is done if the first value was not found.
                       This happens usually with sub queries.
                       
      10) ref - A non unique index or prefix of an unique index is used to find the rows.
      
      11) unique_subquery - This is similar as eq_ref, but used for sub queries that are transformed to key lookups


5) possible_keys - The possible_keys column indicates the indexes from which MySQL can choose to find the rows in this table

6) key - The key column indicates the key (index) that MySQL actually decided to use

7) key_len - It indicates the length of the key that MySQL decided to use, in bytes

8) ref - The ref column shows which columns or constants are compared to the index named in the key column to select rows
         from the table.
 
9) rows - The rows column indicates the number of rows MySQL believes it must examine to execute the query.

10) filtered - It tells about the estimated percentage of table rows that will be filtered by the table condition. 
      The maximum value is 100, which means no filtering of rows occurred. ex- if there are 100 rows and and 50% is give it means
      50 rows have been filtered
      
11) extra - The extra column of EXPLAIN output contains additional information about how MySQL resolves the query

  various values it can take
  
       1) const row not found	- The table was a system table (a table with exactly one row), but no row was found.
       
       2) Distinct - If distinct optimization (remove duplicates) was used.
       
       3) Full scan on NULL key - The table is a part of the sub query and if the value that is used to match the sub query
          will be NULL, we will do a full table scan.
                                    
       4) Impossible HAVING - The used HAVING clause is always false so the SELECT will return no rows.
       
       5) Impossible WHERE noticed after reading const tables -	The used WHERE clause is always false so the SELECT 
          will return no rows. 
                                                                 
       6) Impossible WHERE - The used WHERE clause is always false so the SELECT will return no rows. For example: WHERE 1=2
       
       7)  No matching min/max row - During early optimization of MIN()/MAX() values it was detected that no row could match the
           WHERE clause. The MIN()/MAX() function will return NULL.
                                      
       8) no matching row in const table - The table was a const table (a table with only one possible matching row),
          but no row was found.
                                            
       9) No tables used - The SELECT was a sub query that did not use any tables. 
       
       10) Not exists -	Stop searching after more row if we find one single matching row. This optimization is used with 
           LEFT JOIN where one is explicitly searching for rows that doesn't exists in the LEFT JOIN TABLE.
                        
       11) Open_frm_only - For information_schema tables. Only the frm (table definition file was opened) was opened 
           for each matching row.
                            
       12) Open_full_table -	For information_schema tables. A full table open for each matching row is done to retrieve the 
           requested information.
       
       13) - Open_trigger_only - For information_schema tables. Only the trigger file definition was opened for each 
             matching row.
         
       14) - Range checked for each record (index map: ...)	- This only happens when there was no good default index to use 
          but there may some index that could be used when we can treat all columns from previous table 
          as constants. For each row combination the optimizer will decide which index to use (if any) 
          to fetch a row from this table.
          
       15) - Scanned 0/1/all databases -	For information_schema tables. Shows how many times we had to do a directory scan.
          
       16) - Select tables optimized away	- All tables in the join was optimized away. This happens when we are only using
       COUNT(*), MIN() and MAX() functions in the SELECT and we where able to replace all of these with constants.
          
       17) - Skip_open_table	- For information_schema tables. The queried table didn't need to be opened.
          
       18) - unique row not found	- The table was detected to be a const table (a table with only one possible matching row) 
       during the early optimization phase, but no row was found.
          
       19) - Using filesort	- Filesort is needed to resolve the query. This means an extra phase where we first collect all 
       columns to sort, sort them with a disk based merge sort and then use the sorted set to retrieve the rows in sorted
       order. If the column set is small, we store all the columns in the sort file to not have to go to the database to 
       retrieve them again.
          
       20) - Using index -	Only the index is used to retrieve the needed information from the table. There is no need to 
       perform an extra seek to retrieve the actual record.
          
       21) -  Using index condition	- Like 'Using where' but the where condition is pushed down to the table engine for 
       internal optimization at the index level.
          
       22) - Using index condition(BKA) -	Like 'Using index condition' but in addition we use batch key access to
        retrieve rows.
          
       23) - Using index for group-by - The index is being used to resolve a GROUP BY or DISTINCT query. The rows are 
        not read. This is very efficient if the table has a lot of identical index entries as duplicates are quickly
        jumped over.
          
       24) - Using intersect(...) - For index_merge joins. Shows which index are part of the intersect.
          
       25) - Using join buffer - We store previous row combinations in a row buffer to be able to match each row against 
        all of the rows combinations in the join buffer at one go.
          
       26) - Using sort_union(...)	- For index_merge joins. Shows which index are part of the union.
          
       27) - Using temporary	- A temporary table is created to hold the result. This typically happens if you are using 
        GROUP BY, DISTINCT or ORDER BY.
          
       28) - Using where - A WHERE expression (in additional to the possible key lookup) is used to check if the row should
        be accepted. 
          
       29) - Using where with pushed condition - Like 'Using where' but the where condition is pushed down to the table 
        engine for internal optimization at the row level.
          
       30) - Using buffer - The UPDATE statement will first buffer the rows, and then run the updates, rather than do 
        updates on the fly. 


ans 2.1
It means total no. of rows present in table and the number of rows mysql is traversing to find the answer is same.

ans 2.2
Select query is not optimal.we need to add index on user_id coloumn.

ans 3.1
first I will index user_id coloumn then I will index commentable_type coloumn

ans 4.1
explaination using join

id   select_type    table     type    possible_keys     key     key_len    ref     rows   Extra
1      SIMPLE        User      ALL      PRIMARY         NULL     NULL      NULL      4     Using where;
1      SIMPLE        Article   ALL      Article_ibfk_1  NULL     NULL      NULL      5     Using where; Using join buffer (flat, BNL join)

1)  id - The query above contains no subqueries nor unions, so therefore the id for both rows is 1, as there is 
   actually only 1 query.
   
2) select_type - simple means no subquery or union has been used 

3) table - means alias used by the query 

4) type - ALL means query will scan all the records

5) possible_keys - The optional indexes MySQL can choose from, to look up for rows in the table

6) key - This column indicates the actual index MySQL decided to use.

7) key_len - It indicates the length of the key that MySQL decided to use, in bytes.

8) rows - Indicates the amount of rows MySQL believes it must examine from this table, to execute the query. 

9) extra - 1) using where - A WHERE expression is used to check if the row should be accepted. 

           2)  Using join buffer - We store previous row combinations in a row buffer to be able to match each row against 
               all of the rows combinations in the join buffer at one go.

explaination using subquery

id  select_type  table      type    possible_keys      key     key_len     ref     rows     Extra
1   Primary      Article    ALL       Article_ibfk_1   NULL     NULL       NULL     5       Using where    
2   SUBQUERY     User       ALL       NULL             NULL     NULL       NULL     4       Using where

ANS 4.2
the performance of the query using join will be better because of the presence of possible_keys where as in subquery 
it consist of NULL value as well which means absence of any possible index to search the coloumn



